Update docs for Insights Crossguard (#13893)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/iac/using-pulumi/crossguard/core-concepts.md

Policies are written as validation functions that are evaluated against resources in your Pulumi stack or account. If the validation function calls {{< policy-reportviolation >}}, the associated resource will be considered in violation of the policy. {{< policy-reportviolation >}} can be called multiple times to report multiple violations.

### IaC Policies

When used with Pulumi IaC, policies are executed during `pulumi preview` and `pulumi up`, ensuring that cloud resource definitions comply with the policy immediately before they are created or updated. During preview, every resource is checked for policy violations, which are batched up into a final report. Policy violations may show up as warnings, or errors which halt the deployment.

Policies may also define *remediations* to automatically fix violations rather than report them. A remediation is written as a function that transforms a resource's state so that it complies with the policy. The resource will be configured using the transformed state.

### Insights Policies

> When used with Pulumi Insights account discovery, policies provide visibility into compliance issues across your entire cloud footprint regardless of how they were created such as with Terraform, CloudFormation, or click-ops. Policies are executed during each time your accounts are scanned. Policy violations can be viewed in the Pulumi Cloud via the Policy Violations page.

Author: ```suggestion
When used with Pulumi Insights account discovery, policies provide visibility into compliance issues across your entire cloud footprint regardless of how they were created such as with Terraform, CloudFormation, or click-ops. Policies are executed whenever a scanned resource changes or the policy configuration is updated. Policy violations can be viewed in the Pulumi Cloud via the Policy Violations page.
```
